=============================
Pulp OSTree 1.2 Release Notes
=============================

Pulp OSTree 1.2.0
=================

New Features
------------

- The importer has the capability to pull using a user specified tree traversal depth.
  This is controlled using the ``depth`` property in the importer configuration. The traversal
  depth determines how much of the commit history is pulled. For example: a depth of 3 will
  cause the newest 3 commits to be pulled for a given branch.

- The distributor has the capability to publish using a user specified tree traversal depth.
  This is controlled using the ``depth`` property in the distributor configuration. The traversal
  depth determines how much of the commit history is published. For example: a depth of 3 will
  cause the newest 3 commits to be published for a given branch.


API Changes
-----------

- A ``depth`` property has been added to both the importer and distributor configurations.
  This controls to tree traversal depth when pulling remote refs and when publishing trees.
  A depth of ``0`` (the default) specifies that only newest commits are pulled and published.
  A depth of ``-1`` is used to specify an unlimited depth.


Bugs Fixed
----------

You can see the :fixedbugs_pulp_ostree:`list of bugs fixed<1.2.0>`.


Pulp OSTree 1.2.1
=================

New Features
------------

- Support has been added to `repair` a corrupted :term:`local` repository.
  Using the optional `--repair` or `-r` option, the importer will repair corrupted :term:`storage`.
  The repair may require that the `storage` be deleted and recreated. This option
  should only be used as a last resort.


API Changes
-----------

- A ``repair`` property has been added to the importer configuration. When true, the importer
  will repair a corrupted :term:`local` repository.



Bugs Fixed
----------

You can see the :fixedbugs_pulp_ostree:`list of bugs fixed<1.2.1>`.
